2wp-app simplify the documentation (#929)
rsksmart/devportal: content/rsk-devportal/guides/two-way-peg-app/pegout/metamask.md

![Unlock metamask wallet](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/unlock-metamask.png)
​
And then click 'Confirm' to complete the first step.
​
![Confirm metamask wallet connection](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/confirm-metamask.png)

​
**Step 4: Enter an amount**

Enter the amount you want to send​. You can either enter it manually, 
or click 'Use max available balance' if you want to send all the RBTC you have.
​
![RBTC amount to send input](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/amount-input.png)
​
**Step 5: Verify your Bitcoin destination address**

​
Click 'Get Bitcoin destination address'. Click 'Sign' first in 2-Way Peg App and then in MetaMask.
​
![Click get bitcoin destination address](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/get-destination-address.png)
![Click sign button](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/sign-message.png)
![Metamask signature request](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/signature-metamask.png)
​
After signing, you will be able to know the derived Bitcoin address where you will receive funds.
​
![Derived address](/assets/img/guides/two-way-peg-app/derivated-address.png)

> > For more details on derived addresses. See the [advanced operations](/guides/two-way-peg-app/advanced-operations#how-to-view-a-derived-address) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more details on derived addresses. See the [advanced operations](/guides/two-way-peg-app/pegout/deriving-electrum) section.
```
